Create repeatable automatic setup with ansible+traefik+docker (#409)
tactilenews/100eyes: ansible/README.md

# Local setup

> Install ansible roles:
> ```
> ansible-galaxy install geerlingguy.docker
> ansible-galaxy install geerlingguy.pip
> ```

Reviewer: ````suggestion
Our setup uses a number of community-maintained Ansibles roles. Install them using the `ansible-galaxy` command:

```
ansible-galaxy collection install community.general
ansible-galaxy install geerlingguy.docker
ansible-galaxy install geerlingguy.pip
```
````
